So since we're talking about objects I figure the time is ripe to go ahead and talk about structuring
So as per usual we'll comment out the scripts right here and make a brand new file and we'll call it
destructuring Dodge's.
Now as why go ahead and make this I'll talk to you about what it is so essentially inside of javascript.
There are some very common notations.
One of those is object and array literals.
These are probably the most common notations that you see which is to use curly braces inside of your
code.
Now since it's such a common format you even see things like Jason which is the data format using this
type of notation to structure data.
Now another common thing that we do is we like to pull data relevant pieces of information out of these
structures so for example Konst example or make an object and then I'll do something like save as true
and reload as true.
Now if I wanted to pull information out of this structure the way I would typically have to do is maybe
make a list and set it to say which would be example save.
And same thing here I would have to do reload.
Set it to example dot reload.
Now that's well and good but imagine if I had a more complex structure with many different pieces of
data that I needed to pull out I would have to repeat this over and over and over again.
And that's not to say if there's a nested object or a multi dimensional array with a lot of different
layers to it I'm going to have to sift through this thing to find exactly what I need to figure out
exactly how I need to access the objects or the array and pull out the relevant information.
So instead of doing this we can do what's called destructuring.
The structuring allows us to pull out these different pieces of information in a more elegant way.
So instead of doing it this way we can do let's.
And then we'll do curly braces.
The name of the variables that I want so in this case save and reload.
And then I'm going to pull it out from this object right here.
Example.
OK.
So now if I cancelled or log in I'm going to go ahead and copy this or I have to do it twice like so
and then I'll do save and then I'll print out reload if it'll let me like so.
Reload.
Perfect.
Now you can see when I load this out it says.
True true.
And then if for some reason that I don't know of.
Let me see that maybe I typed in an somewhere.
I'm not sure but either way you can see that it clearly works.
So all we have to do is specify this curly brace right here in this curly brace and inside of here I
put a list of the different variables.
Now the other thing to keep in mind is if the variable name is the same as the property name inside
of the object that's all I have to do.
Now the engine is going to see this type of variable declaration with destructuring and it's going to
look inside of the object that I assigned and see what properties mapped to these variable names and
it'll assign those values of those properties to these variable names.